my name is Gary Bowman and I'm a sales
manager cranberry creek marina in here
on Ohio we are a starcraft dealer in an
Evinrude dealer and those are the only
two products that we really need one the
only two products we really want to get
very basically we sell the starcraft 186
super fisherman the 196 fish master we
do sell some of the starfish models but
mostly the bigger models because we're
located right on Lake Erie some of the
finest walleye fishing in the world by
the way this happens to be a star well
model and there's no rivets in the phone
and that that makes it very nice there's
nothing to come loose after the years
with lifetime warranties on
the hull of the boat and lifetime
earnings on the floor of the boat which
makes it really nice for consumer and
another nice thing economically they're
very well-placed especially we can put a
nasal 250 horse Evinrude e-tec it's the
dependability I mean I can't stress that
more than anything in the world when
you're when you're out Lake Erie I
actually just got back from escanaba on
Lake Michigan big and little bays to
knock and when you're out 25 30 miles in
these big bodies of water you better
have a mortar that's that's dependable
and be able to get you home and the
years that I've been with the tech guy
never had a problem
you know the engineering aspects of this
motor just just tremendous
I can't say more than that the
dependability to me is this the utmost
and I tell my customers that that's they
turn the key this baby starts and ask
what they want
Oh